Good night, I want to show you
small experiment
in order to demonstrate the quality of work
antennas to a 14 2600 dp
this is past the antenna for ltn our
production would like to show you
how effective is it even under conditions
In principle, not bad reception was
chosen night time specifically to
estimate maximum signal quality
maximum speed and so on and so
similar to the load base was
minimal means on my window hanging
modem e 392
the most famous most popular weighs
he is like that on the window handle
many people hang in the face of bad
reception and using ashby cable
connected to the computer where here on
the program can be observed level
a signal like this
I just want to check out
speed help sleeping with there 20
millisecond pink input speed
server no baynet now see
how much will give
6 megabits per second six seconds
half straight does not twitch anywhere
stability so let's say for the Altai
not much notice even to the country more
than at the reception so but here somewhere 776
Now, in fact, what we are doing is note for
the window hangs me antenna with two here
inputs one and 2 for vertical and
horizontal polarization here and
actually here I have them from her
You are now on top of here so I will connect
this short pigtail here here we have
will be vertical polarization and here
this one is in length and this is mine
horizontal to tennessee designations
there are these pigtails and hooked up
actually so cold supply
cats lie and themselves are testing again on
aids test how it will be with us
look like we check
server do not change mts crowd look
speed
speed see here and so
the speed we have now is 49
megabits per second that is almost 50 she
recoil rate of 17 which is much higher than
it was without an antenna now let's see what we have
going on in mhh program you are modem
software here is actually a reception but not
much more than it was I want more
time to emphasize that the antenna to 14 2600 dp
and shows itself in a wonderful way in
conditions not even poor signal and only
under poor signal it to you
will still feel the speed
lt and
and get a minimum ping and
network stability is everything to everyone
thank you bye